I hope that you can go to Whole Foods
and buy food hey guys so I just got back
from Whole Foods and I actually went to
the natural foods in New Hampshire and I
got some stuff that I wanted to share
with you guys and I also want to include
some tips on how to save some money when
you're buying things at Whole Foods
because when you shop at Whole Foods
sometimes it can be expensive
but if you shop correctly then you can
save actually a lot of money so the
first thing is to look for sales Whole
Foods always has sales every single week
on various items sometimes the items
don't really you know speak to me as
much as other times but they have been
having sales on pineapples and
pineapples have been like $2 each
recently which is a really really good
price
enough about pineapples um what I got I
have my receipt here with the prices and
everything and in total I only spent $15
the first thing I got was these
nectarines and I only have four of them
they were on sale they smell really good
which is why I originally wanted them
because like walking past and you could
just smell them so it's always a good
sign and these were 249 of
and I only got powned once pounds point
41.4 pass yes so this came out to be
three dollars and 49 cents next I got
these potatoes which I got in total four
pounds so they were 99 cents each so
that's gonna be four dollars and nine
cents yeah cuz I got four pounds four
point four nine pounds okay then I got
some bananas because bun is you know
pretty much the staple of my life
besides potatoes because potatoes are
more able to be fed bananas but bananas
are definitely a staple
so these bananas were fifty nine cents a
pound and I got two point three pounds
so that is one dollar and 36 cents so
the next thing that you want to make
sure of when you're shopping at Whole
Foods is to stick with like the Whole
Foods because the produce tends to be
cheaper than those packaged foods and
plus the packaged foods aren't as good
for you as the produce and Whole Foods
so definitely stick with the end of the
store the produce section will be
healthier and saving money but also
definitely check out the bulk section
the bulk section is really cheap and you
can find a lot of great things so I
brought three things from the bulk
section this time the first thing I got
were these beans and these are
actually the zucchinis and I've never
seen these beans in any other Whole
Foods besides the whole foods that I the
Nashville one that I was just at and
these are like a red bean and if you've
ever had like red bean buns or red bean
paste or any of that kind of stuff it's
usually in like Asian deserts um that's
the beans the type of beans they use
they're just like a red bean these were
two dollars and sixty nine cents a pound
and I got one point one nine pounds so
that came out to be three dollars and 20
cents and I'm really excited to make
these then the next thing I thought
where these rolled oats so these are
just organic rolled oats nothing too
fancy and rolled oats in the bulk
section are pretty cheap these were a
dollar seventy nine cents a pound and I
thought just under pounds which made it
a dollar fifty and they smell good and
the last thing I got laughs the comments
were these raisins because I thought
they would go really well with the
granola and you know just standard
raisin and these were 399 a pound and I
got point four pounds so that came out
to be a dollar and seventy two cents so
that's pretty much everything I got at
Whole Foods
I don't know what I want this will last
because usually I get different kinds of
things and today I got different kinds
of things say you don't know but I saw a
food at home and still have things ok I
don't really know what I'm saying thank
you guys so much for watching this
grocery haul if you have any recommended
videos that you'd like to see leave them
down below also be sure to check out my
Instagram access plate and follow me on
snapchat for more stuff thanks for
watching bye